docs: update variables for vignettes: DOSNO, DRUG, mandatory... (#353)
pharmaverse/aNCA: vignettes/aNCA.Rmd

|                          | TRT01P       | Treatment Group Identifier (Planned)                               | character         |
|                          | AGE          | Age of Subject                                                     | numeric           |
|                          | RACE         | Race of Subject                                                    | character         |
|                          | SEX          | Sex of Subject                                                     | character         |
|                          |              |                                                                    |                   |
| **Sample variables**     | PARAM \*     | Analyte studied in the sample                                      | character         |
|                          | PCSPEC \*    | Specimen Material Type                                             | character         |
|                          | AVAL \*      | Analysis Value                                                     | numeric           |
|                          |              |                                                                    |                   |

> | **Dose Variables**       | DRUG \*      | Drug/Treatment compound. When relevant, should match with PARAM    | character         |

Reviewer: Missing DOSNO variable. Still currently required in the app. We can change this as the app changes

### Review

> Review the data and ensure that the columns have been mapped correctly, and all your filters have been applied. If there are any problems with your data (duplicates, missing times) you will be communicated and perhaps in certain situations your own intervention will be requested. Just follow the instructions.

Reviewer 2: suggestion:
```suggestion
Review the data and ensure that the columns have been mapped correctly, and all your filters have been applied. If there are any problems with your data (duplicates, missing times), application will display a warning message and in certain situations manual edits will be requested. Just follow the instructions.
```
